Update PRFAQ-for-launch.md (#40)
Wardley-Mapping-Foundation/wmf-operating-model: PRFAQ-for-launch.md

**Q: What alternatives did you consider?**
A: We looked at several ways to organize foundations, such as those run by the Perl, Apache, Eclipse and Linux Foundations, and looked into several legal structures including registered charities, non-profits, and for-profits. We decided to set up a non-profit governed by a Board of Trustees, managed using [Organised Services Operating Model](https://osom.guide), which is based on Simon Wardley's universal principles. The WMF will provide a number of services, some of which will run Apache style projects located at github.com/wardley-mapping-foundation, with a core set of initial members being committers on the projects, new committers added on merit, and the foundation providing oversight.

**Q: Who did we partner with to launch the foundation?**
A: [we will talk to OpenUK, PerlF, ASF, LF and EF etc. to see what they could offer]

**Q: What does the brand logo look like?**
A: We're not sure yet, we're looking for a designer to help out!

**Q: What in detail will the WMF do?**
A: Further detail on above from other discussions:

1. Create, maintain, share and support open repositories of knowledge that are free to use

> The WMF will continue Simon’s work to create, maintain, share and support open repositories of knowledge that are free to use. A great example of this is Simon's book, which is Creative Commons. As many of us know, Simon's book could do with an update, to incorporate a lot of discussions & thinking that have gone on and a Foundation could help in a number of ways (eg: any combination of sponsoring, organising, content proposals, editing, translating, etc). But a Foundation could help with other sources of knowledge too, like @jamesaduncan's Organised Services Operating Model (osom.guide, also CC-by-SA); or repositories of maps, Wardleypedia.org, list.wardleymaps.com, and other things related to Wardley Maps

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The WMF will continue Simon’s work to create, maintain, share and support open repositories of knowledge that are free to use. A great example of this is Simon's book, which is Creative Commons. As many of us know, Simon's book could do with an update, to incorporate a lot of discussions & thinking that have gone on and a Foundation could help in a number of ways (eg: any combination of sponsoring, organising, content proposals, editing, translating, etc). But a Foundation could help with other sources of knowledge too, like James Duncan's Organised Services Operating Model (osom.guide, also CC-by-SA); or repositories of maps, Wardleypedia.org, list.wardleymaps.com, and other things related to Wardley Maps
```

4. Facilitate the hosting of events focused on educating the public and sharing knowledge
[Map Camp](https://mapcamp.co.uk) is an obvious example here, the intent is to support this & other groups running similar events around the world. We've tried to make Map Camp UK accessible to an international audience both through timing of sessions and being virtual, but it's hard to organise an event that works across all timezones. We want to see diversity - from local meetup groups, to larger events like Holger Gelhausen & Krzysztof Daniel's 2021 "Use Case" edition of Map Camp.

5. Encourage and facilitate the creation of open standards and tooling that improve the state of mapping

> Damon Skelhorn's [onlinewardleymaps.com](https://onlinewardleymaps.com), @tristanls's [mapkeep.com](https://mapkeep.com), Adam Bouhenguel's MapScript, Rainmaker Software's [Wemvu.la](https://Wemvu.la), to name a few. There are a growing number of great Wardley Mapping tools like these, all pushing forward the state of mapping. But they're not interoperable... Standard grammars, data formats, libraries, and such would help tools emerge & elvolve in this space. The WMF will help facilitate that.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Damon Skelhorn's [onlinewardleymaps.com](https://onlinewardleymaps.com), Tristan Slominski's [mapkeep.com](https://mapkeep.com), Adam Bouhenguel's MapScript, Rainmaker Software's [Wemvu.la](https://Wemvu.la), to name a few. There are a growing number of great Wardley Mapping tools like these, all pushing forward the state of mapping. But they're not interoperable... Standard grammars, data formats, libraries, and such would help tools emerge & elvolve in this space. The WMF will help facilitate that.
```
